Use smaller transactions in branch delete cypher query (#7229)
opsmill/infrahub: changelog/7161.fixed.md

> Reduce transaction size in cypher query to delete a branch to avoid out-of-memory error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix branch delete query to avoid out-of-memory error when using the community edition
```
